docs: added more examples for override native handler (#895)
GetStream/stream-chat-react-native: docusaurus/docs/reactnative/customization/native_handlers.mdx

If desired the native handlers can be overridden.
The same function that is called internally to set the handlers can be used to override them, `registerNativeHandlers`.
If the function returns the same type of data as the original function it should seamlessly work with the rest of the SDK.
You should look at the [default implementation](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-react-native/blob/master/package/native-package/src/index.js)
to ensure any override conforms to the appropriate type definition provided by the SDK.

:::note
This should be done outside of the component lifecycle to prevent unnecessarily re-registering the same handler repeatedly. 
:::

### Example: Override haptic feedback handler

> Haptic feedback is used in the app to indicate certain presses, and within the image viewer to indicate zoom limits are hit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haptic feedback is used in the app to indicate certain presses, and within the image viewer to indicate when zoom limits are hit.
```

If haptic feedback is not desired in your application you can easily remove it by registering a different handler to the function.

```tsx
import { registerNativeHandlers } from 'stream-chat-react-native-core';

registerNativeHandlers({
  triggerHaptic: () => null,
});
```

### Example: Override camera handler

> [`takePhoto`](#takephoto) handler is used to take a picture from camera and use it as image attachment which composing a message.
> By default, SDK uses [react-native-image-crop-picker](https://github.com/ivpusic/react-native-image-crop-picker) library for this purpose.
> Although its possible to replace it with custom implementation, using [react-native-image-picker](https://github.com/react-native-image-picker/react-native-image-picker) library in following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`takePhoto`](#takephoto) handler is used to take a picture from the camera and use it as an image attachment while composing a message.
By default, SDK uses [react-native-image-crop-picker](https://github.com/ivpusic/react-native-image-crop-picker) library for this purpose.
Although it's possible to replace it with a custom implementation, using [react-native-image-picker](https://github.com/react-native-image-picker/react-native-image-picker) library in the following example:
```

Bit unsure about the `which`->`while` change, does it match what you meant to convey?
